--------
FY 2018:
--------
1) It manufactures integrated solutions for Room Air Conditioners (RACs), Indoor Units (IDUs), Outdoor Units (ODUs), Split and Window Air Conditioners (SAC and WAC). As part of its backward integration process, it produces critical components like heat exchangers, printed circuit boards (“PCBs”), system tubing, sheet metal parts, motors and injection moulding parts.
2) Today, the Company caters 8 out of top 10 RAC brands in India with its twelve manufacturing facilities across India.
3) We raised Rs 600 Cr through our initial public offering (IPO) during 2017-18 and the response was overwhelming - 165 times oversubscription of the issue!.
4) Within three decades of existence, Amber has achieved a commanding position in the industry. The Company has continuously strived to become a preferred outsourcing partner for the white goods industry. Its zeal along with its relentless efforts have allowed it to evolve from a mere sheet metal component manufacturer to a full-fledged RAC manufacturer today
5) Products:
	1) Room Air Conditioners (2 star to 5 star)	: Indoor, outdoor units and window ACs; 0.75 to 2 ton
	2) Room Air Conditioners parts				: Heat Exchangers, Copper System Tubing, Multi Flow Condensers, Printed Circuit Boards, 
												  Sheet Metal Components, Injection Moulding Components, AC Motor.
	3) NON-AIR Conditioners components 			: Inner Case liner for Refrigerators, Plastic Extruded Sheets, Washing Machine Tubs,
												  Non-Air Conditioner Motors, Printed Circuit Boards for other consumer durables, 
												  Sheet Metal Components for Refrigerators, Washing Machine, Automobiles etc.
4) At Amber, we enjoy the majority of the market share in the RAC market, be it the whole unit or a component. We have been associated with 8 out of top 10 RAC brands present in India, capturing 75% market share. Out of these, 5 are MNC brands and the remaining 3 are Indian companies. We are associated with majority of our customers for over five years by now. Our collaborative approach has been of developing new customised products and reducing the logistics cost. This makes us the partner by choice. Besides the domestic customer base, some of our products are also exported to Saudi Arabia, Oman, Sri Lanka, Nigeria and Bangladesh.
5)	Customers:
		MNCs	: Panasonic, Daikin, LG, Hitachi and Whirlpool.
		Indian	: Voltas, Godrej, Blue Star
6) Product approval cycle for leading brands is 2-3 years and Gradual ramp-up process is Another 2-3 years. At Amber, we have successfully built our product portfolio after going through the longer approval cycle. Today, we have gained confidence of our customers, retained them and are also further tried to explore cross selling opportunities.
7) The acquisition of IL JIN and Ever by us offered the opportunity to leverage the technological knowhow of the inverter ACs. Today, we are one of the few Indian manufacturers with the capability to design and manufacture Inverter ACs.
8) Our dedicated R&D lab at Rajpura largely drives our ODM business. We have a dedicated team of 36 employees with engineering background, having expertise in
the areas of energy effi cient designs, simulations and 3D designing, amongst others. Besides, we keep on exploring acquisition opportunities that may allow us to enhance our technological know-how and deliver superior products.
9) Acqusitions:
	PICL	: A subsidiary of Amber, that was acquired in FY13, is an exporter delete leading exporter, manufacturer and supplier of single phase induction  			  motor for air conditioning unit, commercial air conditioners and coolers.
	IL JIN  : It is India’s one of the leading electronic printed circuit board manufacturers for consumer electronics. LG, IFB and LS Automotive are among 
			  Il JIN’s major clients.
	EVER    : Ever Electronics is also India’s one of the leading electronic printed circuit board manufacturers for consumer electronics. LG, LS Automotive, 			  Powercraft Electronics, Godrej and Intangibles Labs are among Ever’s major clients.
10) Certifications:
		1) Approved by Department of Scientifi c and Industrial Research (DSIR)
		2) Accredited by National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL)
		3) ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management Systems Certification
11) Market Share:
		1) Outdoor units (ODU)	: 49 %
		2) Indoor units (ODU)	: 78 %
		3) Window ACs 			: 60 %
12) Revenue Breakup:
		1) RAC 					: 71.7 %	
		2) AC components 		: 13.8 %
		3) Non-AC Components 	: 14.5 %
13) At Amber, we enjoy our leadership in the RAC OEM/ODM segment and stand to leverage the under-penetrated market. The Indian RAC market volumes are expected to record a CAGR of 12.8% from FY 2017 to FY 2022 (Source: F&S Report). Due to the current low penetration rate of 5%, it is expected to see as huge opportunity.
14) Many households are even installing multiple air conditioners. The change in the climatic conditions and prolonged summers are further driving the need for an AC comfort. Several schools and office places which were earlier dependent on fans are now installing ACs. The replacement cycle has also come down from an average of 12 -15 years to 7 - 8 years due to the usage pattern of new generation.
15) Intense competition has forced RAC brands to focus more on marketing and promotional activities. They are adopting asset-light strategy in order to avoid blocking of large capital in manufacturing the various types of units. For the same, they prefer outsourcing the manufacturing of RAC and its components to ODM/OEM players
16) Our 70% stake in IL Jin Electronics and 19% stake in Ever Electronics Pvt Ltd provide us signifi cant expertise in producing inverter ACs and adapting newer technologies. Today, the inverter AC demand has swept the market and is expected to grow by 40% annually.
17) The increasing preference of RAC brands for the OEMs/ODMs over imports will prove benefi cial for the Company. This gives us the opportunity to further utilise our spare capacities, without incurring any additional capex. This will lead to stronger ROCE going forward.
18) Strategic priorities for the future:
		1) Product Expansion	: We will largely focus on new models of IOT-based Inverter RACs and add new RAC components such as brushless DC motors, 
								  resin-core motors and inverter controllers to achieve greater backward integration.
		2) Customer Expansion	: Apart from getting new customers on board, we would also focus on increasing the wallet share of the existing customers by 
								  means of cross-selling and better offerings of energy-effi cient models & other components.
		3) Geographic Expansion	: Within India, we will explore the opportunities of marking our presence to newer regions like Gujarat & other India. Besides, 						  we will continue to make efforts towards acceptance of our products in the international markets. As an entry point, we will 							  initiate exports to Middle East, South-East Asia and Europe.
		4) Inorganic Growth		: We will continue to explore inorganic opportunities that may further strengthen our innovative offerings to our customers
19) Management Team:
	1) Jasbir Singh - Chairman & CEO
		Over 15 years of experience in RAC Manufacturing sector
		Instrumental in successful commissioning of 6 factories in last 10 years
		Initiated the concept of additive manufacturing solutions
		Handles key customer relationships
		Engineering in Industrial Production, Karnataka University & MBA from University of Hull, United Kingdom
	2) Daljit Singh - Managing Director
		Over 11 years of experience in RAC Manufacturing sector
		Previously worked with Morgan Stanley in New York
		Engineering in Electronics, Nagpur University & Master’s in Information Technology, 
		Rochester Institute of Technology, USA
	3) Sanjay Arora - Director (Operations)
		Responsible for operations, innovation, security & legal matters
		36 years of work experience; joined Amber in 2012
		Electrical Engineering from YMCA Institute of Engineering, Faridabad
	4) Sudhir Goyal - CFO
		Responsible for Finance & Accounts
		15+ years of work experience; joined Amber in 2012
		Chartered Accountant from ICAI, B. Com (Hons) from Delhi University	
20) The Indian RAC market promises tremendous growth potential owing to its lower penetration as compared to its global counterparts. Currently India stands at 4% compared to China’s 100% and a global average of 30%s
	Global 		: 30 %		
	China 		: 100 %
	Japan		: 91 %
	Malaysia	: 54 %
	Thailand	: 30 %
	India 		: 4 %

--------
FY 2019:
--------
1) During 2019, Amber strategically invested in Sidwal Refrigeration Industries Private Limited (‘Sidwal’) to gain access to knowledge, skills and expertise of manufacturing HVACs for railways, metros and buses. The action will also provide more comprehensive solutions such as CAC, AHU, FCU to current set of customers. It will further allow Amber to explore spectrum of opportunities across sectors like railways, metros, defence and telecom, among others.
2) Products: (See FY 2018)
		4) Roof mounted AC for main line coaches
		5) Electronics and Refrigeration solutions to Railways
		6) Roof-mounted loco drivers’ cab air conditioners
		7) Defence HVAC Products: Defence shelter air conditioners, Vertical slip on air conditioner
3) Initiatives of 2018-19;
		1) Entered into a Joint PCB Development Agreement with Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific Pte Ltd, Singapore to develop new inverter controller 
		   technologies
		2) Developed an inverter controller for an Inverter Air Conditioner. This is a first-ever India-made Inverter Controller, developed jointly by Amber, 
		   Iljin and Bi Square (Design House)
		3) Developed a Resin Core motor for use in the making of Indoor Units of room air conditioner
		4) Implemented Energy Efficient motor (BLDC) in all Inverter AC 5 star models
4) Customers:
		RAC Segment:
			MNCs	: Panasonic, Daikin, LG, Hitachi and Whirlpool.
			Indian	: Voltas, Godrej, Blue Star, Havels (newly added)
		HVAC segment:
			Railways and metros 	: Integral Coach Factory (ICF), Rail Coach Factory (RCF), Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW)
									  Chittaranjan Locomotive Works (CLW), Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML), 
									  China Railway Rolling Stock Corporation (CRRSC)
			Defence 				: Bharat Electronics Limited (BEL)
			Telecom 				: Department of Telecom (DoT)
			Bus 					: Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs)
5) During the year, we entered into a Joint Development Agreement with Singapore-based Infineon to develop new inverter controller technologies.
6) Management:
	Mr. Manoj Kumar Sehrawat:
		Chartered Accountant and Member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India and has Bachelors in Commerce from Delhi University
		Prior to ADV, he was Vice President with JP Morgan’s Asia Special Situations Group and as part of the initial team for special situations investing business in India he played a key role in sourcing, analyzing, structuring and executing investment opportunities as well as asset management of Indian
		portfolio companies

7) The room air conditioner industry in India degrew at -3% as it witnessed several headwinds during 2018, led by the GST transition and change in energy-efficiency ratings and also unprecedented rains in Quarter 1 (peak season). This led to pre-buying as prices rose at the consumer level, further impacting the consumer offtake.
8) The Indian HVAC market is expected to reach $5.9 billion by 2024, registering a CAGR of 7% during 2014-24 period (Source: globenewswire.com). This market growth can be attributed to the increasing number of high-rise buildings, shopping complexes & malls, and hypermarkets in Tier-II cities. Apart from this, the market is also expected to propel on account of on-going Smart City projects across the country
9) Inverter AC’s will continue to grab bigger share of the market, will drive the larger chunk of volumes by 2020. Thanks to the consumers’ energy consciousness, the concepts like inverter technology and smart air conditioners are gradually picking up.
10) Threats:
	1) Downward trend in OEM/ODM Business: Brand’s decision to outsource is impacted by its ability and capacity for internal manufacturing and the competitive 									   advantages of outsourcing. So, if the brands of room air conditioners do not continue to outsource the 
										   manufacturing of their products or reduce the amount of outsourcing, it could pose a possible  threat for the Company.
	2) Import duty structure	: Any change in import duty structure towards lowering of import duties shall trigger possibility of outsourcing from China. 	
								  Thus, posing threat to our companies RAC business 
	3) Client Concentration		: The Company’s business is largely dependent on certain key customers for a significant portion of its sales. The loss of any 	
								  one of the key customers or a significant reduction in demand from such customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of perations and prospects.
12) Revenue Breakup by Segments: 
			-------------------------------------------------------------------
			Segment	(Revenue in Lakhs)			FY 2017		FY 2018		FY 2019
			-------------------------------------------------------------------
			Room Air conditioners				125183		154043		174075
			Room Air conditioner components		18927		29993		41719
			Non-Air conditioner components		21076		28771		59405
			Total								165186		212807		275199
			-------------------------------------------------------------------
										Rvenue Breakup in %		
			-------------------------------------------------------------------
			Room Air conditioners				75.78		72.39		63.25
			Room Air conditioner components		11.46		14.09		15.16
			Non-Air conditioner components		12.76		13.52		21.59
			-------------------------------------------------------------------


